---
title: "Hogwarts!"
date: 2019-12-10T22:33:43-05:00
categories:
 - Blog
tags:
 - ideas
---

So, I've just recently seen Key and Peele's Youtube vid about [if Hogwarts were an Inner-City school](https://youtu.be/j-2ZxldMO-M) and it was hilarious!

But it made me think, since my game is about magic and spells and whatnot, why not make the tutorial take place in a wizard school? I'm not planning for it to be a huge school with lots of things to do, but just some things that will make use of the various mechanics of the game, so the player gets introduced to them in a controlled way.

Now, I do agree that there should be some stuff that players get to explore by themselves, but for the basic mechanics, it should be shown through here.

Some mechanics I'm thinking of showing:

- Controls (duh!)
- Quest board system
- Using basic spells
  - Basic fireball spell
  - Movement spells
  - Spells that interact with the environment (like bouncing spells)
  - Defensive spells
  - Healing spells
- Basic dungeon crawling
- Basic spell crafting
  - with some secrets (I hope I remember this... :persevere:)
- Basic common sense/how to live in the world

In the future, I may expand the school so that players can decide to complete an entire year of school there (basically its own quest line) after the basic tutorial. Of course, players can also decide to just go out and start adventuring!

Anyways, that's it for me for tonight! I should really get this transaction thing done so I can continue doing AI... stop lazing around, me!
