Holy crap! Just setting up this darn thing took me almost the entire day! Not to mention I still gotta set up Atom and all the packages and everything in my laptop too, because real bloggers blog on their laptops! (Not that I would know!)

Anyways, hello. Hello, Me! I really hope no one else sees this blog except me, because it's supposed to be for me. This is how I'm supposed to release my thoughts, or else I go crazy, and I don't wanna go crazy. So if you're reading this and you're not me, then please quietly leave!

All gone? Good.

Gah, this preview letter spacing is bothering me, brb!

Ahh, that's a bit better.

So, what should I put down for now? Hmm..

Oh right, I still gotta finish the shop interaction and UI and stuff! I'll make another post later tonight. I'm supposed to write any updates with my project too, because I'd probably get lazy to even work on it if I don't. I'm getting better at "not giving up" though, I'm finally getting somewhere with my project instead of leaving it to start another one! I need to make more tools too..

Alright, __note to self__! Write a post here if I ever think of any useful tools or ideas I can use for my game! Trello is too lonely, but with this, at least I'd feel like I'm not alone because there's me and myself.. even though I really am alone. I feel like I'm talking to my inner consciousness here!

That should be it for now, talk to ya later, consciousness!

Hmm.. calling you consciousness seems too long. I'll just call you Consy!
